Reorganize docs v2 (#2174)
psf/black: docs/index.rst

Try it out now using the `Black Playground <https://black.now.sh>`_.

.. admonition:: Note - this is a beta product

   *Black* is already `successfully used <https://github.com/psf/black#used-by>`_ by

>    many projects, small and big. It also sports a decent test suite. However, it is
>    still very new. Things will probably be wonky for a while. This is made explicit by
>    the "Beta" trove classifier, as well as by the "b" in the version number. What this
>    means for you is that **until the formatter becomes stable, you should expect some
>    formatting to change in the future**. That being said, no drastic stylistic changes

Reviewer: Not to fussed here, take it of leave it. I just don't like a ~3 year old project being called new.
```suggestion
   many projects, small and big. Black has a comprehensive test suite, with efficient parallel tests, our own auto  formatting and parallel Continuous Integration runner. However, _Black_ is still beta. Things will probably be wonky for a while. This is made explicit by
   the "Beta" trove classifier, as well as by the "b" in the version number. What this
   means for you is that **until the formatter becomes stable, you should expect some
   formatting to change in the future**. That being said, no drastic stylistic changes
```
